Specify hosts pattern matching for webview tracking (#22206)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/web_view_tracking/_index.md

     WebViewTracking.enable(webView, allowedHosts)
   ```

> `allowedHosts` will match the given hosts and their subdomain. No regular expression is allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`allowedHosts` matches the given hosts and their subdomain. No regular expression is allowed.
```

WebViewTracking.disable(webView: webView)
```

> `allowedHosts` will match the given hosts and their subdomain. No regular expression is allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`allowedHosts` matches the given hosts and their subdomain. No regular expression is allowed.
```

```

Note that `JavaScriptMode.unrestricted` is required for tracking to work on Android.

> `allowedHosts` will match the given hosts and their subdomain. No regular expression is allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`allowedHosts` matches the given hosts and their subdomain. No regular expression is allowed.
```

   />
   ```

> `allowedHosts` will match the given hosts and their subdomain. No regular expression is allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`allowedHosts` matches the given hosts and their subdomain. No regular expression is allowed.
```
